## **Imprint**
Information according to § 5 TMG

Stephan Mühl  
Weinbergstraße 10    
63477 Maintal   

### **Represented by:** 
Stephan Mühl  
Contact:  
Phone: 0151-14527383  
E-Mail: admin@blueforcer.de 

### **Disclaimer:** 

### **Liability for links**

Our website contains links to external websites of third parties over whose contents we have no influence. Therefore, we cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the contents of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal infringements at the time of linking. Illegal contents were not recognizable at the time of linking. However, permanent monitoring of the content of the linked pages is unreasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. If we become aware of any infringements, we will remove such links immediately.

### **copyright**

The contents and works created by the site operators on these pages are subject to German copyright law. Duplication, editing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the contents on this site were not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular, the contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please inform us accordingly. As soon as we become aware of any such infringements, we will remove such content immediately.

### **data privacy**

The use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or email addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on voluntary basis. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. 
We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) can have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible. 
The use of the contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation by third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of these pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited advertising information being sent, for example in the form of spam mails.


## **Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google associate your IP address with other Google data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
